content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Alice Wu (吳恩達)

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: ''

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: ☕️

# Organizations/Affiliations
#organizations:
#- name: 腾讯
#  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

#interests:
#- Artificial Intelligence
#- Computational Linguistics
#- Information Retrieval

#education:
#  courses:
#  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Stanford University
#    year: 2012
#  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2009
#  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://docs.hugoblox.com/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'about/#contact' # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/wowchemy
  - icon: instagram
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://instagram.com/geocushen
# Uncomment below for Github link
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/gcushen

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
#email: ""
---

Alice Wu is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. Her research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. She leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}Download{{< /staticref >}} my resumé as a PDF.

Commit message:

first commit , no projects or publications

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Siddhant S. Singh

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: 4th year UG at IIT Kanpur

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: ☕️

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (IITK)
 url: https://www.iitk.ac.in/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Natural Language Processing
- Quantative Finance
- Reinforcement Learning
- Bayesian Statistics
- Computer Vision

education:
 courses:
 - course: B.S & M.S, Mathematics and Scientific Computing
   institution: IIT Kanpur
   year: 2025
#  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Stanford University
#    year: 2012
#  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2009
#  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://docs.hugoblox.com/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    mailto: siddhant7876@gmail.com # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/siddhant-singh-2002/
  - icon: instagram
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.instagram.com/siddhant_7876/
# Uncomment below for Github link
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/siddhant7876

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
#email: ""
---

Hey there, 
I am Siddhant, currently a dual degree student at IIT Kanpur in the department of Mathematics and Scientific Computing.
I have demonstrated experience in Statistical Natural Language Processing, Reinforcement Learning, Quantative Finance and statistical research through various projects and competitions that I have completed. I have also interned at Wells Fargo as a front-end developer.
Apart from this, I am a big fan of football and cricket. I also love listening to music and playing guitar (Still Learning). Currently looking out for research opportunity in NLP and Quantative Finance. Hope to Connect with you!!
